get fire roasting first thing you're
going to do is make sure you have
everything you need to fire roast ready
the pepper set out tomato set out and a
bowl to put them in after they've been
fire roasted use tongs it's really
important we're going to turn this
sucker to high we're going to give it a
second to kind of preheat and heat up
the grate that's covering it we're going
to take our pepper we're going to place
it right over the flame and you can see
here where the flame is coming up right
at this angle it's touching the skin of
the pepper it's basically like steaming
the vegetable in its own skin and juices
it's a really amazing technique you can
see on the poblano here it's starting to
get nice and even in black it's still
not ready we can still see some green
poking through so we're going to leave
it for a bit longer you can see that's
pretty thoroughly blackened the whole
way around put this in a boil in a bowl
and keep a lid on it so what this is
going to do this pepper is pretty hot
right now a lot of steams going to
condense on here and loosen up the skin
so when we go to take it off it slips
off really easily the tomatoes you don't
really have to like try to get them on
all four sides really just the top and
the bottom and you'll see the tomatoes
do go a bit faster than the peppers do
it's beautifully cooked in the bowl and
then if we look look how fast the
tomatoes went a fraction of the time you
can easily see where bit to the skin has
gone from red to kind of a burnt orange
color that means it's ready to slip off
you can see that in here next to some of
the black in the bowl we're going to
leave these like this for a few minutes
five to seven minutes and like I said
this is just going to help insure that
the skins come off nice and easily
you